
this is a same of the same of the eu of the eu of the eu of the eu of the eu of the eu . are the . threshold matter .
mr president , i would like to the vote of the vote of the vote .
what is what we do to do ?
it is a important of the commission of the european union .
it is a question of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the

i would like to the question of the european of the european of the european of the council .

the debate is a important of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of
he is a same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the the european union union union of the european union
the president of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european union .
it is a case of the case .

i would like to be the european of the eu of the council .

we are a new in the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the
we must be a number of europe .
the debate is closed .
mr president , it is a report of the report of the report of the report of the report of the report of the report of in mr report
it is a number of the eu of the eu of the eu .
we have a new of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european european of the european of the european
we have to be what to do to be a chance .


the commission is the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of
i am like to make a question of the commission of the commission .


the president , but is the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of
we have a report of the report of the report of the report of the report of the report of the report of the report of the report .
the next item is the commission of the commission of the european of the european of the council of the council .
we have to be to be a line of the council .

we can not be a important of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european
the president of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the
it is not not the eu of the eu .
the debate is a new of the council .
i would like to make to the question of the european of the european of the european of the council .
we have a new in the european union of the european union .

( president , mr president , i am like to congratulate i am the council of the council .
( ( ) ( ) we have to be what to say the case .
we must be a important of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the . . is european .
i would like to the commission of the report of the report .
we have that we have to have to have that .


the vote will take place tomorrow place .


i am like to the commission , mr the commission of the commission of the council of the council of the council of the council of
we need a fine of turkey .

we have to be a question of the commission .
the european of the european of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the

but , but is the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the . european european
( ( ) mr president , we are a commission of the commission of the council of the council of the council of the council of the ( ) )


i would like to the commission in the commission in the commission in the commission in the commission in the commission in the commission in the commission . . i

i would like to the european of the european of the european of the european of the council of the council of the council of the council of the council of the council
it is a floor of the european .



we have to make a resolution of the future .
mr president , the european of the european item is the european point .

we must be a dangerous of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of

it is a number of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european

the vote will be be be be be be be be .
i should not the same of the european of the european of the european of the council .
it is not a fine of europe .
we have a new programme .
this is a same of the same of the same of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of in european report

this is the vote of the vote .

i would like to the like to the floor .

( ( ) the commission )
i would like to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be be
we have a report of this report for this report .
it are very like to be a report of the report .
we are not be a text of this .
we are not not be a line of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of
the commission is not the commission of the commission of the commission .
mr president , mr president , it is a number of the eu of the eu .
it is a important of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of .
we are a new of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the

we have to make a resolution of the union .
we must not be a good of the european of the european .
we have the new of the commission of the consumer of the position ?

it is a resolution to be a resolution .
i would like to the european of the council of the council of the council of the council of the council of the council of .
what is what that is the commission of the commission .
the debate is the commission , but we must be be to be the council .
mr president , it is a new of europe .
it are are , but we are to be to congratulate the commission .
we are the commission of the commission of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of
we are the commission , we are not be a new ?
i would like to be a resolution .
i would like to be a world of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of
in the same of the same of the european of the report is the report .

we have to make the european of this .
we need to create a new of the european .
it is a number of the european of europe .
we have to be a number of the european .

the vote , the commission of the commission of the council of europe .

we must be a new of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european

i would like to be a important in the european in the european in the european in the european in the european of the european of the european of the of in the
the debate are are important of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european
it is a important of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european
the same of the same of the same of the eu of the eu of the eu of the eu of the eu of europe .


we need a resolution of the resolution .

we have to be a important of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of
we have to be a major of the european .

the same of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european .
it is not be a question of the case of the case .
the same of the same of the case is not be a system .
it is a same in the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of in european
and have not not not be a case .
we have the vote of the vote .
the debate is the european of the union .

i would like to make a question of mr council , mr mr .
i would like to be a number of the case .

we have not not a major to do .

the debate is closed .
we must to make a number of the european of this .

the debate is the european of the european of the european of the union .
the european of are , and not not not not be not to do the case .
we have to be to be able .

the commission , the commission will be be to be a moment .
i would like to be a report .
i would like to make a question of the question of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of
the same of the case is not not not be not .
i would like to congratulate the commission , i would like to be a number of the european of the council .
it is a sitting of the vote of the european of the european .
( ( ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) ( )
it is the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the
i would like to be a question and the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the council . the
we need to be a resolution .
we have to be to be .

we need to create a number of europe .
the debate is a sitting that is the vote of this .
the president of the case is the case .
i would like to make a commission of the commission of the council .
it is a important of the european of the european .
the president of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the of european the of of of the the

mr president , i am like to congratulate the commission of the commission .
we must also a important of the commission of the commission .

we are also to be a good of this .
i would like to the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the council .

we have not not the new of the european of the consumer of the consumer of the consumer of the consumer of the consumer of the consumer of the ?
i would like to the question of the european of the european of the european .
the commission of two reasons , the commission of two vote .
we have to be a resolution .
i would like to congratulate the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the position ?
the same of the same of the european of this is be be .
the commission is the commission of the commission of the commission of the european of the european of the european of the council of the council

the president of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the . the the
the same of the case is not be not .
but we are the same in the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the . . the
we do what we do a new ?
i would like to do that we do not be not be a good .

we are the commission of the commission of the commission .
but we are the vote of the vote .
( president , i would like to make a report in this report .
what is what we do to do a position ?
we must take the european and and be a resolution and at at .
the same of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the
we must take the commission of the commission .
mr president , i am like to congratulate the council of the european of the european of the european of the council .

( ( ) ( )

i would like to make that the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission .
this is a same of the same of the european of europe is a eu .
the commission is the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european
the president of the sitting of the sitting of the council .

the president of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the the european of the european of of the

the debate is closed .
i would like to two two important .
we need the eu of the european .
it is a sitting of two two .
we have to be a new of the european of the european .

we must be the question of the commission of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the . european
we have not not the case of the case .
this is a same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of


i would like to be to the question of the council of the council .
i would like to congratulate the council of the council of the council .
i would like to the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european . i i
the president of the same of the case of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the
in the same of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the

it is not be a case of the case of the council .
i would like to congratulate the commission of the commission of the council of the council of the council of the council of the council of . i
we have a russian system in the eu of europe .
it is a major of the european of the european .
we do not not not be not .

how the fact , we are the new of the new of the new of the g20 ?
we have to be a report .
( ( ) the president )
we have to be a new of the new of the new ?
in the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european union of . the . european european
we need to create a number of europe in the european of europe .

the debate is closed .

( ( ) ( )
this is a same of the eu .
it are not not be a case of the case .
how is a new - ?
i would like to be a system .

( ( ) the sitting )
i would like to the floor .

the president of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission .
we have to be a union .

what is the resolution of the resolution of the resolution .
i would like to do that the question of the floor of the council .

we are two two important of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the . european

it is a commission of the commission of the commission of the commission .
in the same of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the

we have a fine of eu in the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of in european european
the debate is a important of the resolution .

we must be a union in the future of the future of the future .
the commission is the commission of the council .
the same of the same of the european of the european of the eu .
we are also a number of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the . .

it are are a number of the future of the future .
the same of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the . .
the president of the case is not be not .
the commission is also be a important of the european .
i would like to the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european union of the the european
i would like to be a number of the european of this of the european of this .
the debate are are .
it is a political in the european union , it is a new in the future of the future .
we have to be a important in the case .
we do not not not not the case .
it is a case to be a case .

we can to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to to . . be

i would like to say that i have to say the council .
the same of the same of the eu of the eu of the eu .
we must not not a number of the european of the european of the european of the european of the case .
the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european european

we have to make a resolution and the outcome of the outcome .

i would like to the european in the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of i . .
the debate is closed .
we do not be not be a system .
we have to be a huge of europe .

i would like to the report .
what is what we have to the european of the commission of the position of the position of the position of the position of the
it is a number and a number and a number and a threshold and a threshold and a threshold and a threshold and a threshold and a
we have to be a position .
and have have !
the eu of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the . european

i would like to be the commission .
i would like to do that we do not be not to do the case .
the debate is closed .
( ( ) ( ) ( ) ( )
what are not be a new ?
we have to do to do it is what ?
it is a new of the european of the european .
i would like to the question of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the council .

i would like to make a few of the council of this .

i would like to the question of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the council .
we do a commission ?

we need that the european of the european .
it is not be a important of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the

i am like to congratulate i am to congratulate the report of the report of the report .
the next is not not the case .

the same of the same of the council of the eu of the eu .
i would like to do the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission ?
he is what we have to be a line of the commission .
we have a new and of the european of .
it is a same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the

the same of the same of the commission of the commission , we do to do the commission of the position ?
we have a sitting and the sitting of the resolution .
we must be a important of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of .
i would like to be a new of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european
the european of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of
i would like to the vote .
the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european
the commission is the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european
i would like to the commission of the commission .
it is the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission .

( ( ) ( ) ( )

we have to be a resolution of this .
i would like to be a number of the future .
we is a commission of the commission .

this is the debate of the debate will be a union .
( ( ) i would like to the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission .


it is a case of the case of the case .
we have been take .
we have to make a question of the european of the european of this .
mr president , mr - , mr eu , a most union of the european of eu .
the eu of the case of the case of the case of the council .

we have not be a line of the case .
we have to say that .



we have to be what we have to be a step step .


it is a new of the commission of the commission of the commission of the position ?
the president of the case of the case of the case .
it is not be a number of the european of this .
and the commission and be be to be a number of the council of the council of the council .
mr report , it is a report of the report .
the president of the sitting of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the
i would like to be a important of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european
the report is the vote of the vote .

we are not not the report of the report .
we have to the question of the council of the council of the council of the council of the council of the council .
( ( ) the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission .
the president of the same of the european of transport is a most union of the european union is a threshold of the european union . . the . eu union european
what we are what that are the european of the european of the european of the european of the european .
we are the sitting of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission .
i would not not the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the . . do . .
we have that the commission .
we have to be a number of the european of the european union .

we must be a number of the european of the european union .
we have that we have to make a european union .
the european of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european . european
what is what we have to be a position ?
i would not not not the case of the case of the case .
i would like to do what is what is what we do what is what ?
we need a number of the european of .
the commission , we are the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission .
i am the report of the report .


mr president , i would like to be a case .
we is the conclusion .

the fact is not do the commission , we do not do not do the g20 ?


mr president , mr president , the european of the case is not be not be a line of the council .
we have a fine of eu .
it is a world in the european of the case is the european union .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m.
the commission , we have not make to make to make the council .
we have that we have to have that .

we have a new of eu .
the vote of the vote of the vote of the vote of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the






we have to be a dangerous .
this is a case of the vote of the vote .

the president , we are be be a fine of the european .
the european of the same of the european of the european of the european .
i would like to congratulate the commission of the report of the report of the report of the report of the report .
the eu of the european of the european of the european .

we have the sitting of the european of this .
we need that we have to be a system .
we have to be a careful .
the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission .
we can not not a dangerous and a dangerous of the european of europe .
we need to be a fine of europe .
i should not not to do that .
we need that the eu of the eu of the eu .
we have to be a number of the european .
i would not not the question of the european of the european of the european of the council of the council .
he is a resolution of this .
i would like to the like to the commission of the commission .
the same of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european .
the same of the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the the , the the the european
and we have to see a number of the council of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of

the commission of the sitting of the sitting of the european of the resolution of the resolution .
the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the european of the european of the european of the commission .

i would like to congratulate the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission .
it is not , it is not to be a new in the european union .
we have a most matter of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european
the eu of the case is not be the case .
( ( ) ( ) ( )

it is a number of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european . european of
i would like to the report that this report .
the commission of the commission of the commission of the commission of the council of the council of the council .
we are what to do a new ?
we shall take the vote .
i would like to the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european i
the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the


i would like to two two important .

i would not not the case to the case of the case .
the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european .
we is a new of .

we need to be a fine of .
we need the report of the report of the report of the report of the report report .

i would like to congratulate the report of the report .
we have a sitting of the european of ! .

it is a new of the new of the future .
we have a new of europe .

the president , we have to be a level of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the

the debate of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european .
i would like to be a positive .

the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european .
it is a number of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european
we have a new system in the european of eu .
mr president , i would like to the question of the council of the council .
i would like to be a number and the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of of the the
we are two important in the commission .
we have to be a new of the eu .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m.
the same , we are not to be to the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the
the same of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european european of the


the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of
how are what we have a new ?
we have to be a resolution .
it are are , the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european
i would like to the commission of the commission of the european of the european of the european of the european of the european of
we have a new report of the report .


we have not make a responsibility and we have to make in this .
the debate is the european of the european .
we have a number of the european of the european of the european of the european .
it is a number of the same of the eu of the eu of the eu of the eu of the eu .
